Create the Ryver alerter. (#1)
edgelaboratories/elastalert: docs/source/ruletypes.rst

``stride_proxy``: By default ElastAlert will not use a network proxy to send notifications to Stride. Set this option using ``hostname:port`` if you need to use a proxy.

Ryver
~~~~~

> Ryver alerter will send a notification to a predefined topic in. The body of the notification is formatted the same as with other alerters. (Currently, this alerter only supports topic)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Ryver alerter will send a notification to a predefined topic in. The body of the notification is formatted the same as with other alerters. (Currently, this alerter only supports topic.)
```

The alerter requires the following options:

> ``ryver_auth_basic``: Base64 encoded of 'user:password' for the user which will send the alert. (`Ryver does not support token yet <https://api.ryver.com/ryvrest_api_examples.html#authentication>`_ )

Reviewer: ```suggestion
``ryver_auth_basic``: Base64 encoded of ``user:password`` for the user which will send the alert. (`Ryver does not support token yet <https://api.ryver.com/ryvrest_api_examples.html#authentication>`_ )
```

Maybe we can add a small snippet to explain how to generate this?
```
python -c 'from getpass import getpass; print("{}:{}".format(getpass("Username: "), getpass("Password: ")).encode("base64"))
```

Reviewer: Actually, we could probably just configure the username/password directly, it would be clearer.

``ryver_organization``: Your Ryver organization. (XXX part in your Ryver URL https://XXX.ryver.com/)

And one of the following:

``ryver_forum_id``: The ID of the forum in which you want to send the alert to. You can find it in the forum URL (https://XXX.ryver.com/index.html#forums/FORUM_ID/chat)

``ryver_team_id``: The ID of the team forum in which you want to send the alert to. You can find it in the team forum URL (https://XXX.ryver.com/index.html#teams/TEAM_ID/chat)

> 

Reviewer: Remove the new line
